<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
# 2207ACDS_teamcw1
Repository for 2207ACDS_teamcw1 predict
>>>>>>> 63ccfdc6a176622df6e362aa2b7076386aa1f406
## Contributors
Team: 2207ACDS_teamcw1
1. Emmanuel Oraegbu - ecoraegbu@gmail.com
2. Deborah Obafemi - Obafemideborah47@gmail.com
3. Umar Kabir - Uksaid12@gmail.com
4. Sello Simon Nong - sellosimon96@gmail.com
5. Keketso Muchichwa - muchichwabeaver@gmail.com

## Spain Electricity Shortfall Challenge 2022
***
The government of Spain is considering an expansion of its renewable energy resource infrastructure investments. As such, they require information on the trends and patterns of the country's renewable sources and fossil fuel energy generation. For this very reason, the government of Spain has been tracking the different energy sources available within the country.

## Task
We will model the shortfall between the energy generated by means of fossil fuels and various renewable sources - for the country of Spain. The daily shortfall, which will be referred to as the target variable, will be modelled as a function of various city-specific weather features such as `pressure`, `wind speed`, `humidity`, etc.

## Data Description
Description of the Dataset

## Data Wrangling
TODO - identification of potential errors and cleaning the data set

## Building a Model
TODO - Which model is suitable? How to use the model? model capabilities?

## Model Evaluation
TODO - How accurate is our chosen model? 

## Important Features of Our Model
TODO - What features are important in the model’s prediction decision

## Usage
TODO - How does it work?

## Summary of our model in a non-technical way

## Brief summary of the work done on 31/10/2020
DONE - We did programmatic assessment, to explore the data (train and test) for any mistmatches. We also visited spain competition on Trello to check data features SI units and if they are being captured correctly in the train and csv files. With regard to the above, we discovered that Seville pressure was recorded as categorical data while pressures of other cities were not. We also checked for null values in the data in each features and we managed to check the % errors.